modify code to improve the choice of reference point (#378)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [5.4.2]

### Changed
- calculate the indices of pixel in MAP space based on the indices and height of the pixel in SAR space

> - improve the method of determination of the reference pixel in SAR space

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Fixed
- Map coordinates for the phase unwrapping reference point are now reported correctly in the output metadata text file
  for InSAR products. Fixes [#380](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/issues/380)
```

> ### Changed
> - calculate the indices of pixel in MAP space based on the indices and height of the pixel in SAR space
> - improve the method of determination of the reference pixel in SAR space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- improve the method of determination of the reference pixel in SAR space

### Fixed
- Map coordinates for the phase unwrapping reference point are now reported correctly in the output metadata text file
  for InSAR products. Fixes [#380](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-gamma/issues/380)
```

> - improve the method of determination of the reference pixel in SAR space

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to explain how the method has been improved.

Author: where should I put the explanation?
